    Title: (chaperone (tenth RacketCon))
    Date: 2020-10-06T08:13:00
    Tags:

*posted by Matthew Flatt*

[RacketCon](https://con.racket-lang.org/) is next week!

Naturally, RacketCon is virtual this year. So, the bad news is that we
don't get to be in the same room. The good news is that no one has to
travel across the country or around the world to attend. RacketCon is
open to all with no registration required.

Even in virtual mode, we don't have to completely give up on social
events. Instead of our typical brewpub gathering, we'll have a BYOB
virtual Biergarten via
[Gather](https://gather.town/app/POxm4HbriLKltrzP/racketlang) on
Friday, October 16 at 6:00pm UTC. That's 2:00pm Eastern and only noon
in the Mountain time zone where I'll be --- but, hey, it's Friday.

Talks start on Saturday at 2:00pm UTC, which is 10:00am Eastern and
7:00am Pacific. (Note that the [schedule on the RacketCon
page](https://con.racket-lang.org/) will adapt to your local
timezone.) Kathi Fisler is our keynote speaker, and we'll also hear
talk from Chris Webber, Konrad Hinsen, Brian Adkins, Sage Gerard,
Pierce Darragh, Gustavo Massaccesi. In each case, there will be a
pre-recorded talk video followed by a live Q&A with the speakers and
further Q&A in the chat channels.

On Sunday, Sam Tobin-Hochstadt will talk about the State of Racket,
followed by the Racket Town Hall. Then it's more talks from Jesse
Alama, Peter Zhong, Panicz Godek, Stephen De Gabrielle, and Ben
Greenman, and finally an AMA with Matthias Felleisen.

The talks are scheduled with a lot of time in between, so hop back
over to [Gather](https://gather.town/app/POxm4HbriLKltrzP/racketlang)
during those breaks to chat more with other Racketeers.
